Add build with java doc (#60)
scylladb/care-pet: docs/build-with-java.md

## Build an IoT App with Java

### Architecture

> In this section, we will walk through and explain the code for the different commands.

Reviewer: The correct phrase is "walk you through" and the meaning is the same as "explain how to do something", so the sentence should be: This section will walk you through the code for the different commands.
In fact, the sentence should be the same as in the section for Go.
In this section, we will walk you through the CarePet commands and explain the code behind them.

> In this section, we will walk through and explain the code for the different commands.

Reviewer: In this section, we will walk you through the CarePet commands and explain the code behind them.

As explained in the Getting Started page, the project is structured as follow:

> -   Migrate (`com.carepet.Migrate`) - creates the `carepet` keyspace and tables

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Migrate (`com.carepet.Migrate`) - Creates the `carepet` keyspace and tables.
```

> -   Collar (`com.carepet.Sensor`) - generates a pet health data and pushes it into the storage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Collar (`com.carepet.Sensor`) - Generates pet health data and pushes it into the storage.
```

> -   Web app (`com.carepet.server.App`) - REST API service for tracking pets health state

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Web app (`com.carepet.server.App`) - REST API service for tracking pets' health state.
```

### Migrate

> The `./bin/migrate.sh --hosts $NODE1 --datacenter datacenter1` command executes the main function in the `Migrate` class located `Migrate.java`. The function creates the keyspace and tables that will be used by the collar and server services.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `./bin/migrate.sh --hosts $NODE1 --datacenter datacenter1` command executes the main function in the `Migrate` class located `Migrate.java`. The function creates the keyspace and tables used by the collar and server services.
```

> The below code in the `Migrate.java` file call the `createKeyspace` , `createSchema` then the `printMetadata` functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following code in the `Migrate.java` file calls the `createKeyspace` , `createSchema` , and `printMetadata` functions.
```

```
public static void main(String[] args) {
	final Config config = Config.parse(new Config(), args);

	final Migrate client = new Migrate(config);
	client.createKeyspace();
	client.createSchema();
	client.printMetadata();
}
```

> There is a lot to unpack here. Let's break the code down line by line:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's break down the code line by line:
```

> The `config` object parses the arguments passed in the migrate command. In our case it's `hosts` and `datacenter`. The `hosts` argument expect the IP address of one of the nodes. The `datacenter` argument is `datacenter1` by default but could be different if you are using Scylla Cloud for instance. The command also accepts `username` and `password` arguments if required.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `config` object parses the arguments passed in the migrate command. In our case it's `hosts` and `datacenter`. The `hosts` argument expects the IP address of one of the nodes. The `datacenter` argument is `datacenter1` by default but could be different if you use Scylla Cloud. The command also accepts `username` and `password` arguments if required.
```

Reviewer: A small update to Tzach's comment:
The `config` object parses the arguments passed in the `migrate command`. In this case, the arguments are `hosts` and `datacenter`. The `hosts` argument expects the IP address of one of the nodes. The `datacenter` argument is `datacenter1` by default but could be different if you use Scylla Cloud. The command also accepts `username` and `password` arguments if required.

> The `createKeyspace` function creates a new `CqlSession` then executes the following CQL query stored in the `resources/care-pet-keyspace.cql` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `createKeyspace` function creates a new `CqlSession`, then executes the following CQL query stored in the `resources/care-pet-keyspace.cql` file:
```

```
public void createKeyspace() {
	LOG.info("creating keyspace...");
	try (CqlSession session = connect()) {
			session.execute(Config.getResource("care-pet-keyspace.cql"));
	}
}
```

```
CREATE KEYSPACE IF NOT EXISTS carepet WITH replication = { 'class': 'NetworkTopologyStrategy', 'replication_factor': '3' } AND durable_writes = TRUE;
```

The CQL query above creates a new keyspace named carepet, with `NetworkTopologyStrategy` as replication strategy and a replication factor of 3.

> More information about keyspace and replication on [Scylla University](https://university.scylladb.com/courses/data-modeling/lessons/basic-data-modeling-2/topic/keyspace/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [Scylla University](https://university.scylladb.com/courses/data-modeling/lessons/basic-data-modeling-2/topic/keyspace/) for more information about keyspaces and replication.
```

The `createSchema` function opens a new session with the `carepet` keyspace and creates the following tables in the carepet keyspace using the CQL file located in `resources/care-pet-ddl.cql`:

-   `owner`
-   `pet`
-   `sensor`
-   `measurement`
-   `sensor_avg`

```
public void createSchema() {
	LOG.info("creating table...");
	try (CqlSession session = keyspace()) {
	    for (String cql : Config.getResource("care-pet-ddl.cql").split(";")) {
		session.execute(cql);
	    }
	}
}
```

> As the name suggests, the `printMetadata` function will then print the metadata related to the `carepet` keyspace and confirm that the tables were properly created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `printMetadata` function will print the metadata related to the `carepet` keyspace and confirm that the tables are properly created.
```

You can check the database structure with:

```
$ docker exec -it carepet-scylla1 cqlsh
cqlsh> USE carepet;
cqlsh:carepet> DESCRIBE TABLES
cqlsh:carepet> DESCRIBE TABLE pet
```

You should expect the following result:

```
CREATE TABLE carepet.pet (
owner_id uuid,
pet_id uuid,
chip_id text,
species text,
breed   text,
color   text,
gender  text,
address text,
age int,
name text,
weight float,
PRIMARY KEY (owner_id, pet_id)
) WITH CLUSTERING ORDER BY (pet_id ASC)
AND bloom_filter_fp_chance = 0.01
AND caching = {'keys': 'ALL', 'rows_per_partition': 'ALL'}
AND comment = ''
AND compaction = {'class': 'SizeTieredCompactionStrategy'}
AND compression = {'sstable_compression': 'org.apache.cassandra.io.compress.LZ4Compressor'}
AND crc_check_chance = 1.0
AND dclocal_read_repair_chance = 0.1
AND default_time_to_live = 0
AND gc_grace_seconds = 864000
AND max_index_interval = 2048
AND memtable_flush_period_in_ms = 0
AND min_index_interval = 128
AND read_repair_chance = 0.0
AND speculative_retry = '99.0PERCENTILE';
```

### Sensor

> The sensor service simulates the collar's activity. You can use the below command to run the sensor service:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The sensor service simulates the collar's activity. You can use the following command to run the sensor service:
```

```
$ mvn package
$ NODE1=$(docker inspect -f '{{range .NetworkSettings.Networks}}{{.IPAddress}}{{end}}' carepet-scylla1)
$ ./bin/sensor.sh --hosts $NODE1 --datacenter datacenter1 --measure PT1M --buffer-interval PT1M
```

> The above command executes `Sensor.java` and the below main function:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above command executes `Sensor.java` and the following `main` function:
```

```
public static void main(String[] args) {
        final Sensor client = new Sensor(Config.parse(new SensorConfig(), args));
        client.save();
        client.run();
    }
}
```

> First, we create a client obkect which is an instance of the Sensor class. Just like in the `Migrate` class, we parse args using `Config.parse()` method to connect to the database.

Reviewer: A small update to Tzach's comment"
First, you create a client object - an instance of the `Sensor` class. Like in the `Migrate` class, the `Config.parse()` method parses the arguments to connect to the database.

> In the `Sensor` constructor, we attribute a random ID to the `owner`, `pet` and `sensors`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the `Sensor` constructor, a random ID is attributed to the `owner`, `pet`, and `sensors`.
```

					LOG.info("pushing data");
					// this is simplified example of batch execution. standard
					// best practice is to batch values that end up in the same partition:
					// https://www.scylladb.com/2019/03/27/best-practices-for-scylla-applications/
					for (Measure m : ms) {
							builder = builder.addStatement(statement.bind(m.getSensorId(), m.getTs(), m.getValue()));
					}

					session.execute(builder.build());

					builder.clearStatements();
					ms.clear();
			}
	}
}
```

### Server

The server service is a REST API for tracking the pets’ health state. The service allows users to query the database via http.

Run the following commands to start the server:

```
$ mvn package
$ NODE1=$(docker inspect -f '{{range .NetworkSettings.Networks}}{{.IPAddress}}{{end}}' carepet-scylla1)
$ ./bin/server.sh --hosts $NODE1 --datacenter datacenter1
```

In the care-pet example, you will use `$ curl http://127.0.0.1:8000/api/owner/{id}` and expect the following response:

```

[{"address":"home","age":57,"name":"tlmodylu","owner_id":"a05fd0df-0f97-4eec-a211-cad28a6e5360","pet_id":"a52adc4e-7cf4-47ca-b561-3ceec9382917","weight":5}]

```

> The controller is defined in `ModelController.java`, and implements the GET methods to acces owners, pets and sensors data.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The controller is defined in `ModelController.java`, and implements the GET methods to access owners, pets and sensors data.
```
